c:\users\nasri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YourEarth1\YourEarth1\Bin\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\nasri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YourEarth1\YourEarth1\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
c:\users\nasri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YourEarth1\YourEarth1\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
c:\users\nasri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YourEarth1\YourEarth1\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
c:\users\nasri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YourEarth1\YourEarth1\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
c:\users\nasri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YourEarth1\YourEarth1\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
c:\users\nasri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YourEarth1\YourEarth1\Bin\Debug\YourEarth1.dll
c:\users\nasri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YourEarth1\YourEarth1\Bin\Debug\YourEarth1.pdb
c:\users\nasri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YourEarth1\YourEarth1\Bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\nasri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YourEarth1\YourEarth1\Bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\nasri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YourEarth1\YourEarth1\Bin\Debug\YourEarth1.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\nasri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YourEarth1\YourEarth1\Bin\Debug\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
c:\users\nasri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YourEarth1\YourEarth1\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\nasri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YourEarth1\YourEarth1\Bin\Debug\YourEarth1_Debug_AnyCPU.xap
c:\users\nasri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YourEarth1\YourEarth1\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.dll
c:\users\nasri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YourEarth1\YourEarth1\Bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\nasri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YourEarth1\YourEarth1\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\nasri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YourEarth1\YourEarth1\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\users\nasri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YourEarth1\YourEarth1\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\users\nasri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YourEarth1\YourEarth1\Bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\nasri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YourEarth1\YourEarth1\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.xml
c:\users\nasri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YourEarth1\YourEarth1\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
c:\users\nasri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YourEarth1\YourEarth1\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
c:\users\nasri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YourEarth1\YourEarth1\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\nasri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YourEarth1\YourEarth1\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\nasri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YourEarth1\YourEarth1\obj\Debug\views\Coneexion.g.cs
c:\users\nasri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YourEarth1\YourEarth1\obj\Debug\YourEarth1.g.resources
c:\users\nasri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YourEarth1\YourEarth1\obj\Debug\YourEarth1.Resources.AppResources.resources
c:\users\nasri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YourEarth1\YourEarth1\obj\Debug\YourEarth1.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\nasri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YourEarth1\YourEarth1\obj\Debug\YourEarth1.dll
c:\users\nasri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YourEarth1\YourEarth1\obj\Debug\YourEarth1.pdb
c:\users\nasri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YourEarth1\YourEarth1\obj\Debug\System.Net.Http\en-US\System.Net.Http.SR.resw
c:\users\nasri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YourEarth1\YourEarth1\obj\Debug\System.Net.Http\layout.resfiles
c:\users\nasri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YourEarth1\YourEarth1\obj\Debug\System.Net.Http\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\nasri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YourEarth1\YourEarth1\obj\Debug\System.Net.Http\Resources.resfiles
c:\users\nasri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YourEarth1\YourEarth1\obj\Debug\System.Net.Http\Resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\nasri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YourEarth1\YourEarth1\obj\Debug\System.Net.Http\pri.resfiles
c:\users\nasri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YourEarth1\YourEarth1\obj\Debug\System.Net.Http\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\nasri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YourEarth1\YourEarth1\obj\Debug\System.Net.Http\priconfig.xml
c:\users\nasri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YourEarth1\YourEarth1\obj\Debug\System.Net.Http\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\nasri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YourEarth1\YourEarth1\obj\Debug\System.Net.Http.pri
c:\users\nasri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YourEarth1\YourEarth1\obj\Debug\System.Net.Http\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\nasri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YourEarth1\YourEarth1\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\nasri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YourEarth1\YourEarth1\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\nasri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YourEarth1\YourEarth1\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\nasri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YourEarth1\YourEarth1\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\nasri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YourEarth1\YourEarth1\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\nasri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YourEarth1\YourEarth1\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\nasri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YourEarth1\YourEarth1\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\nasri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YourEarth1\YourEarth1\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\nasri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YourEarth1\YourEarth1\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\nasri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YourEarth1\YourEarth1\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\nasri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YourEarth1\YourEarth1\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\nasri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YourEarth1\YourEarth1\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
c:\users\nasri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YourEarth1\YourEarth1\obj\Debug\MDILProjectFiles.xml
c:\users\nasri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YourEarth1\YourEarth1\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
